Update how_to_build_win.md (#3346)
opentoonz/opentoonz: doc/how_to_build_win.md

# Building on Windows

> This software can be built using Visual Studio 2015 or above and Qt 5.9(later versions still not working correctly.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This software can be built using Visual Studio 2015 or above and Qt 5.9 (later Qt versions still not working correctly.)
```
This would fix what I think is a typo (by adding the space) but ensure it still makes sense (the added "Qt") :)

Author: Thanks for the feedback and help.

## Required Software

### Visual Studio Express 2015 or higher for Windows Desktop
- https://www.visualstudio.com/vs/older-downloads/
- Make sure the target platform is "for Windows Desktop", not "for Windows".
- Community and Professional versions of Visual Studio for Windows Desktop also work.
- During the installation, make sure to select all the Visual C++ packages.

### CMake
- https://cmake.org/download/
- This will be used to create the `MSVC 2015` project file.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

- https://www.visualstudio.com/vs/older-downloads/
- Make sure the target platform is "for Windows Desktop", not "for Windows".
- Community and Professional versions of Visual Studio for Windows Desktop also work.
- During the installation, make sure to select all the Visual C++ packages.

### CMake
- https://cmake.org/download/
- This will be used to create the `MSVC 2015` project file.

### Qt
- https://www.qt.io/download-open-source/
- Qt is a cross-platform GUI framework.
- Install Qt 5.9 (64-bit version, tested up to 5.9.9) with the [Qt Online Installer for Windows](http://download.qt.io/official_releases/online_installers/qt-unified-windows-x86-online.exe).

### boost
- Boost 1.55.0 or later is required (tested up to 1.61.0).
- http://www.boost.org/users/history/version_1_61_0.html
- Download boost_1_73_0.zip from the above link.  Extract all contents to the '$opentoonz/thirdparty/boost' directory.
- Install the following patch (Make the changes listed in the patch file), if you use Boost 1.55.0 with Visual Studio 2013.
  - https://svn.boost.org/trac/boost/attachment/ticket/9369/vc12_fix_has_member_function_callable_with.patch

> ## Acquiring the Source Code

Reviewer 3: This whole section should be where it originally was.  You can't place the boost directory in the right folder unless you have the source code.

Author: Okay I will fix.  Do I just edit it and resend it?  Or should I just close it?

- Clone the base repository.
- Throughout the explanation `$opentoonz` will represent the root for the base repository.
- Visual Studio cannot recognize UTF-8 without BOM source code properly.  Furthermore, since the endline character is represented with only the LF character, one line comments in Japanese will often cause the following line to be treated as a comment by `MSVS` as well.
- In order to prevent this, please change the following setting in git so that it will preserve the proper endline characters:
  - `git config core.safecrlf true`

> - Execute `git lfs pull` after `git clone` by using the `lfs` client.

Reviewer 3: This should be down with the explanation about lfs.

# Building on Windows

This software can be built using Visual Studio 2015 or above and Qt 5.9(later versions still not working correctly.)

## Required Software

### Visual Studio Express 2015 or higher for Windows Desktop
- https://www.visualstudio.com/vs/older-downloads/
- Make sure the target platform is "for Windows Desktop", not "for Windows".
- Community and Professional versions of Visual Studio for Windows Desktop also work.
- During the installation, make sure to select all the Visual C++ packages.

### CMake
- https://cmake.org/download/
- This will be used to create the `MSVC 2015` project file.

## Acquiring the Source Code
- Clone the base repository.
- Throughout the explanation `$opentoonz` will represent the root for the base repository.
- Visual Studio cannot recognize UTF-8 without BOM source code properly.  Furthermore, since the endline character is represented with only the LF character, one line comments in Japanese will often cause the following line to be treated as a comment by `MSVS` as well.
- In order to prevent this, please change the following setting in git so that it will preserve the proper endline characters:
  - `git config core.safecrlf true`

> - Execute `git lfs pull` after `git clone` by using the `lfs` client.

Reviewer 3: This is duplicated below.  This one should be removed.

## Installation of Required Libraries
Because of the size of these libraries, they are not maintained in the git repository. They will have to be installed seperately as follows.

### `lib` and `dll`
- `lib` and `dll` files are tracked by [Git Large File Storage](https://git-lfs.github.com/).

> - Visual Studio cannot recognize UTF-8 without BOM source code properly.  Furthermore, since the endline character is represented with only the LF character, one line comments in Japanese will often cause the following line to be treated as a comment by `MSVS` as well.

Reviewer 3: Lines 31-33 are now duplicated with 21-23.  Lines 31-33 should be removed.

  - `git config core.safecrlf true`

## Installation of Required Libraries
Because of the size of these libraries, they are not maintained in the git repository. They will have to be installed seperately as follows.

### `lib` and `dll`
- `lib` and `dll` files are tracked by [Git Large File Storage](https://git-lfs.github.com/).
- Execute `git lfs pull` after `git clone` by using the `lfs` client.

> Note: Also all of these actions can also be done using the GitHub Desktop Client.  Recommended if you are not proficient with git commands.  https://desktop.github.com/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also perform these actions using GitHub for Desktop Client.
```

I think the general comment is fine, but programmers will know how to use a CLI.

Author: Thanks for the changes

Author: Thanks for the changes

1. Copy the entire contents of `$opentoonz/toonz/build/Release` to an appropriate folder.

2. Open a Command Prompt and navigate to `QT_DIR/msvc2015_64/bin`. Run the Qt program `windeployqt.exe` with the path for `OpenToonz.exe` as an argument.

> (Another way to do this is to open two explorer windows. Navigate to the exe that was created in your Release folder in the first window. Open another window where ever QT is installed `Qt\5.9.9\msvc2015_64`. Drag and drop the Opentoonz.exe on top of the windeployqt.exe This will automatically generate the  QT files and folders you will need.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2a. Alternatively you can navigate to `QT_DIR/msvc2015_64/bin`, then drag and drop your `OpenToonz.exe` binary onto `windeployqt.exe` to generate Qt files.
```

Perhaps a more concise paragraph for this part?

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
